This is just the readme doc.

If you make any new changes to the project that you think need to be
posted to the group, you can post them here.

Also we can put what we're each working on or what we plan to work on in
here as well. 

Alex: Since we're wrapping up soon I'm going to start going through some of the pages and getting them to validate.
I am also going to tidy up some of the css and do some final presentation touch-ups.
I plan on having my parts of the project validated and presentable by the end of 12/1/2018.
